some Western countries have banned Pro
Palestinian demonstrations saying they
could disturb public order but tens of
thousands of people in other parts of
the world have joined rallies in support
of the Palestinians and against the
Israeli bombardment of Gaza that follow
the terrorist attacks by Hamas many are
calling for an immediate ceasefire and
the protection of
civilians thousands of kilometers away
from the Gaza Strip these protesters in
austral
are expressing solidarity with the
Palestinians demanding a just solution
to the
conflict I think now that the status quo
has been broken we see what the
consequences of this state of affairs is
where for 75 years the International
Community has not intervened I think now
it is very clear that we cannot ignore
the situation because it will continue
to lead to violence unless something is
done and I think the world is
increasingly beginning to understand
that it can no longer the right of the
Palestinian
people strong shows of support too for
the Palestinians in the Chilean Capital
Santiago 75 years of
occupation of suffering of oppressed
people who cannot stand it
anymore I am very very sorry for the
victims on both sides I do not support
any death from any
side
in the streets of the Danish Capital
Copenhagen and outside the White House
in Washington
DC in London tens of thousands of
protesters called for a free
Palestine many demanding an immediate
ceasefire it's aing what happened last
Saturday makes me feel I was shocked
really shocked but what I'm seeing now
is just War crime from Israel
thousands of people are out in the
streets in Muslim majority nations of
Bangladesh
Pakistan
Afghanistan and the conflict ridden
country of
[Music]
Yemen authorities in Germany's Financial
Capital Frankfurt banned a pro
Palestinian rally the non-compliance
with the order led to scuffles between
the protesters and the police an action
the administration
justifies anyone who denies Israel's
right to
exist who want to attack Jewish
life who call for
violence or who tolerate the
barbarism of Hamas even in the
slightest is not protected by the right
of assembly nor by
democracy and that is why we have banned
the
rally in Paris too Police Stopped a
banned Pro Palestinian
rally is this democracy I'm sorry it's
not a country of law here I'm sorry I'm
outraged and frankly I voted for Emanuel
macron and I regret it I regret
it
with no signs of the conflict coming to
an end emotions worldwide are
raging I'm now joined for more um by our
reporter Bish Bish you've looked at the
international reactions to these latest
uh develop uh developments what's
driving these Pro Palestinian protests
um ghard um instead of condemning the
Hamas terrorist attack on Israel the
focus of these protests has been um
Israeli strikes and many of these
protesters are saying that um civilians
are a collateral damage in these strikes
and they're asking um that uh these
strikes be stopped now many of the
protesters are also saying that
Palestinians for long have been living
in under an occupation and they have
been treated in unjust and unfair way
and the anger is not only directed
towards Israel it's also directed
towards International Community and
especially to Western Powers um the
protesters say that um uh their um
response has been um um unjust and for
long they have failed in the diplomacy
to find a just solution to the conflict
is that the only reason that so much of
this anger is is directed at Western
Powers predominantly the US I should
think uh and not Hamas so I think one of
the reasons why these protesters are uh
saying that the Western um Power Powers
response is so basically they say that
um in the recent conflict the response
from the Western Powers is more more
supportive towards uh Israel and is less
considerate towards the Palestinian
people who are just now caught up in
this conflict and I think one of the
root causes or one of the reasons behind
these protest is also the anti- US
sentiment uh especially in Muslim
majority countries uh and that anti us
sentiment that increased significantly
after 9/11 so during us war on terror
many of the countries that saw us
military interventions were Muslim
countries like Afghanistan uh Iraq Syria
uh Libya and these uh military
interventions caused a lot of
Destruction um militias were formed um
civil thousands of civilians were killed
so there's this element of anti us
sentiment and many of these people see
in the current conflict Israel as an
extension of the west or as an a strong
Ally of the US and therefore that is
also uh the anger that we see in these
protests there are also signs that this
this conflict could be fueling political
extremism in other countries are there
any signs for that I think that is one
of the most worrying Trends so Hamas
which is considered a terrorist
organization by the by us by Germany EU
and many other countries that terrorist
organization is being glorified by
religious groups in countries like
Pakistan Indonesia Bangladesh there have
been rallies in these countries with
thousands of followers of these
religious groups and in these rallies
you can see um you can hear fiery
speeches of these religious leaders
glorifying Hamas and portraying Hamas as
a hero organization and what we saw in
Syria that Islamic State was able to
recruit people not only from Muslim
countries but also from other from
Western countries um and the the fear is
that with these fiery speeches and
hatred against Israel and and
glorification of Hamas many of these
people could be radicalized and they
could pick up arms and join armed groups
or terrorist groups whose agenda is to
fight um the Western World and thank you
very much
B